Intorduction to Data Analytics for Business:

Week-2 Quiz
1. What type of file normally stores two dimensional data with column and row breaks, 
identified using special characters?
Answer - Delimited Text File


2. What term best describes data storage that is optimized for handling front-end business 
operations?
Answer - OLTP


3. Suppose you are a software developer looking for an online environment to help you rapidly 
build and scale applications. Which of the following services would best accommodate your 
needs?
Answer - PaaS


4. Which of the following statements about Cloud computing are true? (select all that apply)
Answer - CC can allow cheaper and more scalable operations.
		CC speaks to where data is stored or manipulated.


5. Suppose your objective is to build a predictive model that can be used to recommend 
products to customers in real-time based on their navigation on your web site. Which of these 
technologies would be most critical in helping you achieve this objective?
Answer - In-Database Analytics


6. Suppose you are a data analyst working on a project to show why sales in a particular
region are down relative to other regions. Your job is to figure out what's going on, find a 
good way to show the data, and produce a report that can be automated to go out weekly to 
track progress on any actions that are taken. You anticipate that only descriptive analytics 
will be needed for this project, and you're working from a data set that has been prepared by 
your partners in IT.
Answer - Standard Reporting
		Data Visualization and Exploration



7. Suppose you're a data analyst and you're traveling to a conference. There's a straightforward but critical ad-hoc analysis you need to accomplish, but you're not certain how much internet connectivity you'll have during your trip. You also haven't decided which of your desktop tools you'll use in the analysis.

Answer - Intermediate File Approach


8. For the following 9 questions, consider the set of relational database tables below, illustrated using the shorthand we introduced in the module.

For simplicity, assume that a phone number is a permanent attribute of the subscriber and that subscribers on both the "to" and "from" sides of calls are included in the database.

What kind of key best describes the primary key of the PLANS table ?

Answer - Surrogate

9. Which table, if any, has a Composite Primary Key?
Answer - CALLS


10. Select all the fields which COULD have foreign key relationships in THIS model:

Answer - Device_SN, Phone_Number, From_Number, Plan_ID, To_Number


11. In the next 6 questions, define the relationship between the tables.

Refer to the following video for a refresher: video 4.

Answer - one to one



12. CALLS to SUBSCRIBERS
Answer - Many to one

13. DEVICES to SUBSCRIBERS
Answer - one to one

14. CALLS to DEVICES
Answer - No direct relationship

15. PLANS to CALLS
Answer - No direct relationship

16. DEVICES TO PLANS
Answer - No direct relationship

17. Is this data model in third normal form?
Answer - NO